# LCB Fertilizers | Best Organic Fertilizer Company in India

+91 91988-03978

contact@lcbfertilizers.com

About Us

About Us

Contact Us

Contact Us

Navyakosh

Navyakosh

Achievements

Achievements

Links

Links

More Shop Blog FAQ LCB Team

More

Shop

Blog

FAQ

LCB Team

More

More

Buy Now for an exclusive discount on Navyakosh

LCB FERTILIZERS

For the Farmers By the Farmers

LCB Fertilizers works with the technologies of biotech, nanotech and chemical engineering to develop unique and crop specific and microbes rich fertilizers.

and

Shop Now at LCB Fertilizers

Navyakosh the Best Organic Fertilizer

Navyakosh Organic Fertilizer 50Kg Pack

Navyakosh For Flower Booster

Mini Manufacturing Unit Kit

Navyakosh For Cacti and Succulents

Navyakosh For Soil Activator and Gardening

Why LCB Fertilizers?

With Navyakosh, farmers can utilize the benefits of organic farming while boosting productivity and sustainability.

33% More Yield

Increases profit

9

Micronutrients

Enhances crop growth

Customized

As per your crop needs

100% Organic

Eco friendly

Reduces Fertilizer Cost

Cost effective

Govt Approved

ICAR and IIPR recommended

Our Expertise

Our crop specific fertilizers are tailor made to meet the unique nutritional needs of different crops ensuring optimal crop growth and high yield

Our crop advisory services offer personalized guidance and recommendations to farmers based on their specific crop cultivation needs

Our joint technology development initiatives at LCB Fertilizers helps address the evolving needs of farmers and improve farming practices

Our organic waste management solutions offer sustainable and eco friendly ways to manage agricultural waste

Explore Our Products

Navyakosh

Make your plants and soil healthy and happy

Navyakosh is designed to enhance crop growth and soil health naturally.

Flower Booster

Boost growth of your flowers in your garden.

Give your flowers the boost they need with Navyakosh Flower Booster.

Soil Activator

Give new life to your soil and grow plants.

Our Soil Activator promotes nutrient absorption and root development.

Cacti and Succulents

Grow strong cacti and succulents.

Promotes resilient growth in Cacti and Succulents with Navyakosh.

Services

Explore More about us

Crop specific Fertilizers

Crop Advisory For Farmers

Joint technology development

Technical Guidance To Farmers

Partnerships and Collaborations

Environmental Sustainability

Why Choose Us

Superior Crop Growth

Experience remarkable crop growth and higher yields with our nutrient rich fertilizers

Cost Effective

Our fertilizers offer a cost-effective solution for farmers, delivering exceptional results

Govt Approved

Our fertilizers are certified by government for quality, safety, and effectiveness

Eco Friendly

Choose sustainability with our eco friendly fertilizers, crafted from organic materials

Our Network

Having Any Doubt

Or Need Our Support ?

Click below to reach out to us

Testimonials

Amitabha Bandyopadhyay || IIT Kanpur

LCB Fertilizers is a success, but not at the expense of its connected farmers. Their profit comes up with the motto of taking everyone together and sustaining a better cause.

BilapKetan Paul || Director Naireeta Services & SGIF

LCB Fertilizers focus on the farmers requirements in designing their sustainable and quality products.

Dr. Heera Lal Patel IAS || Secretary National Integration GoUP

LCB Fertilizers is doing commendable work. I encourage farmers to adopt LCB’s organic fertilizers, as they will contribute to a greener, more prosperous future for our nation.

We are Featured In

To play, press and hold the enter key. To stop, release the enter key.

Our Partners

To play, press and hold the enter key. To stop, release the enter key.

Get to Know Us

Read our stories and Blogs

Get in touch with any questions

Address

E-SIDBI LCB Fertilizers Private Limited, SIIC IIT Kanpur

Contact

+91 91988 03978

contact@lcbfertilizers.com

Get in touch

At LCB Fertilizers, we believe that healthy soil is the foundation of a sustainable future.

About Us

Achievements

LCB Team

Gallery

Navyakosh

Blogs

FAQ

Contact Us

For Farms

Soil Activator

+91 91988-03978

contact@lcbfertilizers.com

Flower Booster

Cacti and Succulents

Powered by LCB Fertilizers

Privacy Policy

Shipping Policy

Refund Policy

Terms & Condition
